Add info box in doc page about Reconciling with Wikidata (#4016)
OpenRefine/OpenRefine: docs/versioned_docs/version-3.4/manual/reconciling.md

---

## Overview {#overview}
:::info

> If you are more interested in Reconciling with Wikidata, click [Wikidata](wikidata).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are interested in reconciling with Wikidata, check [our page about Wikidata](wikidata).
```

> This page covers the general handling in OpenRefine for any Reconciliation service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page covers the general handling in OpenRefine for any reconciliation service.
```
